[Issue 8364][docs] Update decommission content in different releases (#8368)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/versioned_docs/version-2.6.2/administration-zk-bk.md

This command creates a new ledger on the local bookie, writes a few entries, reads them back and finally deletes the ledger.

### Decommissioning bookies cleanly

When you want to decommission a bookie, the following process is useful to follow in order to verify if the decommissioning was safely done.

#### Before you decommission
1. Ensure state of your cluster can support the decommissioning of the target bookie.
Check if `EnsembleSize >= Write Quorum >= Ack Quorum` stays true with one less bookie

2. Ensure target bookie shows up in the `listbookies` command.

3. Ensure that there is no other process ongoing (upgrade etc).

#### Process of Decommissioning

> 1. Log on to the bookie node, check if there are underreplicated ledgers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the bookie node, check if there are underreplicated ledgers.
```

If there are, the decommission command will force them to be replicated.
`$ bin/bookkeeper shell listunderreplicated`

> 2. Stop the bookie by killing the bookie process. Make sure there are no liveness / readiness probes setup for the bookies to spin them back up if you are deployed in a kubernetes environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Stop the bookie by killing the bookie process. Make sure there are no liveness/readiness probes setup for the bookies to spin them back up if you are deployed in a kubernetes environment.
```
 "if you are deployed in a kubernetes environment", this sentence does not use correct grammatical structure, please improve it.

3. Run the decommission command.

> If you have logged onto the node you wish to decommission, you don't need to provide `-bookieid`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have logged in to the node  to be decommissioned, you don't need to provide `-bookieid`
```

Author: @Huanli-Meng thanks for your advice, it's for catch up, so I did not refine it from the editor perspective.
